and vast interests flits about all over the place. At any rate, here he was, and she called him. And, after he had stood in the doorway looking in every direction except the right one for another minute, he saw her and came over to her table. “Why, Sally?” His manner, she thought, was nervous--one might almost have said embarrassed. She attributed this to a guilty conscience. Presently he would have to break to her the news that he had become engaged to be married without her sisterly sanction, and no doubt he was wondering how to begin. “What are you doing here? I thought you were in Europe.” “I got back a week ago, but I've been nursing poor old Mr. Faucitt ever since then. He's been ill, poor old dear. I've come here to see Mr. Foster's play, 'The Primrose Way,' you know. Is it a success?” “It hasn't opened yet.” “Don't be silly, Fill. Do pull yourself together. It opened last Monday.” “No, it didn't. Haven't you heard? They've closed all the theatres because of this infernal Spanish influenza. Nothing has been playing this week. You must have seen it in the papers.” “I haven't had time to read the papers. Oh, Fill, what an awful shame!” “Yes, it's pretty tough. Makes the company all on edge. I've had the darndest time, I can tell you.” “Why, what have you got to do with it?” Fillmore coughed. “I--er--oh, I didn't tell you that. I'm sort of--er--mixed up in the show. Cracknell--you remember he was at college with me--suggested that I should come down and look at it. Shouldn't wonder if he wants me to put money into it and so on.” “I thought he had all the money in the world.” “Yes, he has a lot, but these fellows like to let a pal in on a good thing.” “Is it a good thing?” “The play's fine.” “That's what Mr. Faucitt said. But Mabel Hobson...” Fillmore's ample face registered emotion. “She's an awful woman, Sally! She can't act, and she throws her weight about all the time. The other day there was a fuss about a paper-knife...” “How do you mean, a fuss about a paper-knife?” “One of the props, you know. It got mislaid. I'm certain it wasn't my fault...” “How could it have been your fault?” asked Sally wonderingly. Love seemed to have the worst effects on Fillmore's mentality. “Well--er--you know how it is. Angry woman... blames the first person she sees... This paper-knife...” Fillmore's voice trailed off into pained silence. “Mr. Faucitt said Elsa Doland was good.” “Oh, she's all right,” said Fillmore indifferently. “But--” His face brightened and animation crept into his voice. “But the girl you want to watch is Miss Winch. Gladys Winch. She plays the maid. She's only in the first act, and hasn't much to say, except 'Did you ring, madam?' and things like that. But it's the way she says 'em! Sally, that girl's a genius! The greatest character actress in a dozen years! You mark my words, in a darned little while you'll see her name up on Broadway in electric light. Personality? Ask me! Charm? She wrote the words and music! Looks?...” “All right! All right! I know all about it, Fill. And will you kindly inform me how you dared to get engaged without consulting me?” Fillmore blushed richly. “Oh, do you know?” “Yes. Mr. Faucitt told me.” “Well...” “Well?” “Well, I'm only human,” argued Fillmore. “I call that a very handsome admission. You've got quite modest, Fill.” He had certainly changed for the better since their last meeting. It was as if someone had punctured him and let out all the pomposity. If this was due, as Mr. Faucitt had suggested, to the influence of Miss Winch, Sally felt that she could not but approve of the romance. “I'll introduce you sometime,' said Fillmore. “I want to meet her very much.” “I'll have to be going now. I've got to see Bunbury. I thought he might be in here.” “Who's Bunbury?” “The producer. I suppose he is breakfasting in his room. I'd better go up.” “You are busy, aren't