a strange city, the dreary rehearsing of lines which had been polished to the last syllable more than a week ago--these things had sapped the nerve of the Primrose Way company and demoralization had set in. It would require only a trifle to produce an explosion. Elsa Doland now moved to the door, pressed a bell, and, taking a magazine from the table, sat down in a chair near the footlights. A moment later, in answer to the ring, a young woman entered, to be greeted instantly by an impassioned bellow from Mr. Bunbury. “Miss Winch!” The new arrival stopped and looked out over the footlights, not in the pained manner of the man in the bowler hat, but with the sort of genial indulgence of one who has come to a juvenile party to amuse the children. She was a square, wholesome, good-humoured looking girl with a serious face, the gravity of which was contradicted by the faint smile that seemed to lurk about the corner of her mouth. She was certainly not pretty, and Sally, watching her with keen interest, was surprised that Fillmore had had the sense to disregard surface homeliness and recognize her charm. Deep down in Fillmore, Sally decided, there must lurk an unsuspected vein of intelligence. “Hello?” said Miss Winch, amiably. Mr. Bunbury seemed profoundly moved. “Miss Winch, did I or did I not ask you to refrain from chewing gum during rehearsal?” “That's right, so you did,” admitted Miss Winch, chummily. “Then why are you doing it?” Fillmore's fiancée revolved the criticized refreshment about her tongue for a moment before replying. “Bit o' business,” she announced, at length. “What do you mean, a bit of business?” “Character stuff,” explained Miss Winch in her pleasant, drawling voice. “Thought it out myself. Maids chew gum, you know.” Mr. Bunbury ruffled his orange hair in an over-wrought manner with the palm of his right hand. “Have you ever seen a maid?” he asked, despairingly. “Yes, sir. And they chew gum.” “I mean a parlour-maid in a smart house,” moaned Mr. Bunbury. “Do you imagine for a moment that