but with the sort of genial indulgence of one who has come to a juvenile party to amuse the children. She was a square, wholesome, good-humoured looking girl with a serious face, the gravity of which was contradicted by the faint smile that seemed to lurk about the corner of her mouth. She was certainly not pretty, and Sally, watching her with keen interest, was surprised that Fillmore had had the sense to disregard surface homeliness and recognize her charm. Deep down in Fillmore, Sally decided, there must lurk an unsuspected vein of intelligence. “Hello?” said Miss Winch, amiably. Mr. Bunbury seemed profoundly moved. “Miss Winch, did I or did I not ask you to refrain from chewing gum during rehearsal?” “That's right, so you did,” admitted Miss Winch, chummily. “Then why are you doing it?” Fillmore's fiancée revolved the criticized refreshment about her tongue for a moment before replying. “Bit o' business,” she announced, at length. “What do you mean, a bit of business?” “Character stuff,” explained Miss Winch in her pleasant, drawling voice. “Thought it out myself. Maids chew gum, you know.” Mr. Bunbury ruffled his orange hair in an over-wrought manner with the palm of his right hand. “Have you ever seen a maid?” he asked, despairingly. “Yes, sir. And they chew gum.” “I mean a parlour-maid in a smart house,” moaned Mr. Bunbury. “Do you imagine for a moment that in a house such as this is supposed to be the parlour-maid would be allowed to come into the drawing-room champing that disgusting, beastly stuff?” Miss Winch considered the point. “Maybe you're right.” She brightened. “Listen! Great idea! Mr. Foster can write in a line for Elsa, calling me down, and another giving me a good come-back, and then another for Elsa saying something else, and then something really funny for me, and so on. We can work it up into a big comic scene. Five or six minutes, all laughs.” This ingenious suggestion had the effect of depriving the producer momentarily of speech, and while he was struggling for utterance, there dashed out from the wings a gorgeous being in blue velvet and a hat of